## General Guidelines
Follow the coding style of any existing code in the codebase. If there is no existing code to follow, use C# standard coding style. These can be found from [Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/fundamentals/coding-style/coding-conventions). This isn't a life or death rule, but it will help us in reviewing your code without additional changes.

Make sure to test your changes before submitting a PR, if possible, you should test your code on both Windows and Linux to ensure cross-platform compatibility. If you don't have access to both operating systems, consider using a virtual machine. At the very least note if your changes haven't been tested on both platforms.

Site your source if you used code from somewhere outside your own head (e.g. StackOverflow, GitHub, etc...). If you adapted the code to fit our codebase, please explain how you adapted it. This is important for us to understand the context of the code and to ensure that it fits well with the rest of the codebase.

Please only change code that is necessary to achieve the desired functionality. If you're editing a part of the notification system, don't bundle in UI changes in the same commit/changelog/PR. Read more about this in the PR Guidelines below.

## AI Guidelines
**ETS2LA does not allow agentic tools in our codebase.** This rule does not apply to 3rd party plugins.

Ask mode is allowed for debugging and similar tasks, but code generated by ask mode is not allowed. Basically if it tells you the issue, then you have to find the fix yourself rather than copying it's code. ETS2LA also doesn't allow agentic tools to generate comments, documentation, commit messages etc...

You are allowed to add tests using AI, however you must read all tests to ensure they test the functionality they are meant to. We'd prefer you write tests yourself, but we understand it's not a bad use of AI.

## PR Guidelines
When opening a PR, please provide a clear and concise description of the changes you made. If your PR fixes a specific issue, please link it using keywords like `Fixes #123` or `Closes #456`. This will automatically close the linked issue when the PR is merged.

Please separate different features/fixes into different PRs. For example, if you're fixing a bug and adding a new feature, please create two separate branches and PRs for those. This makes it easier for us to review your code and provide feedback. You can make exception to this rule, for example changing a code function name, would usually result in changes in multiple namespaces.

Don't create PRs with generic names like "Update code" or "Fix bug". Use descriptive titles that indicate what the PR is about. For example, "Fix crash when opening settings" or "Add support for new telemetry data". This helps us understand the purpose of the PR at a glance.

Don't create PRs that change a lot of code in small ways, these are PRs like "Cleanup code" or "Add more comments". These types of PRs are hard to review and often contain changes that aren't necessary. This also increases the changes of a PR being rejected due to a broken line somewhere in the middle of the PR. If you want to cleanup code, add comments, or do similar non-functional changes, please do that in a separate PR, categorized by at least the namespace.