---
authors: 
  - name: Tumppi066
    link: https://github.com/Tumppi066
    avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/83072683?v=4
  - name: Glas42
    link: https://github.com/Glas42
    avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/145870870?v=4

date: 2024-02-05
icon: question
title: Version 1.10 > Minor
---

!!!
This changelog will contain all changes from 1.10.0 onwards before the next major version.
!!!

==- Version 1.10.36
(devs) Add support for popups
Fix importlib_metadata trying to install on each start.
[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="App Backend"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="MainUI"]
==- Version 1.10.35
Add sys back.
[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="App Backend"]
==- Version 1.10.34
Fix importlib_metadata not being installed.
[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="App Backend"]
==- Version 1.10.33
Changelog tab will now close automatically after closing window.
The app will no longer try and reinstall pyqt5.
[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="Changelog"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="App Backend"]
==- Version 1.10.32
Updated main menu wiki link.
[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="Main Menu"]
==- Version 1.10.31
No longer stuck in first time setup if bettercam is not found.
[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="First Time Setup"]
==- Version 1.10.30
Fix vertical height when bottom fps counter or copyright notice is enabled.
[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="Main UI"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="UI Settings"]
==- Version 1.10.29
The app now supports non main monitors.
[!badge variant="dark" text="Glas42"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="Setup Scripts"]
==- Version 1.10.28
Fix favorites bar not working correctly. (ony the last favorite would be opened, regardless of which one was clicked)
[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="Main UI"]
==- Version 1.10.27
Fix UIs and PluginFrames not correctly resetting. This manifested as weird UI bugs after a reload.
Added a favorites bar.
Slightly tweaked the plugin manager to make it fit in the frame correctly.
[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="Main UI"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="Plugin Manager"]
==- Version 1.10.26
The app will no longer hang when the server is not available.
[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="App Backend"]
==- Version 1.10.25
Fix first UI disappearing on startup.
[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="Main UI"]
==- Version 1.10.24
**Add pinging the server. This is used to determine current user count. (NO DATA IS SENT)**
Hopefully fix some issues with the plugin installers.
Migrate the Main Menu to be a panel, instead of being hard coded.
Added an MOTD to the Main Menu.
(devs) add control of line height to empty lines

[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="App Backend"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="Main Menu"]
==- Version 1.10.23
The app can now automatically scale based on the windows scaling setting. This can be toggled on/off from settings -> ui settings.
Added the ability to unlock the resizing in windows, *this is not intended to be used*. The UI might break if you use this. But it is now included for the sake of completeness.

[!badge variant="dark" text="Tumppi066"] [!badge variant="ghost" text="Main UI"]
==- Version 1.10.22
The MSS Screen Capture now works for all plugins. BetterCamScreenCapture is still recommended and MSS is only a backup.
==- Version 1.10.21
Added missing assets from the last update.
==- Version 1.10.20
TrafficLightDetection UI Update.
==- Version 1.10.19
Temporary return to the old version of the DefaultSteering due to missing functions.
==- Version 1.10.18
Fixed small DefaultSteering bug.
==- Version 1.10.17
Backend changes: Cleaned up DefaultSteering plugin for easier maintainability
Backend Changes broke saving UI, hotfix pushed to repair. 
Added an alpha PID functionality. 
==- Version 1.10.16
Backend changes: Cleaned up DefaultSteering plugin for easier maintainability
==- Version 1.10.15
Changed to a custom sleep timer for more accurate and consistent FPS limiting.
Fix divide by zero in fps limiter.
==- Version 1.10.14
FPS limiter works when mainloop is disabled.
==- Version 1.10.13
Bug fixes in the TrafficLightDetection.
==- Version 1.10.12
Fix crash when (keyboard) keybind is invalid.
==- Version 1.10.11
Bug fixes in the TrafficLightDetection.
==- Version 1.10.10
Added crash reports to TrafficLightDetection.
==- Version 1.10.9
Improved the YOLO model loading for the TrafficLightDetection.
==- Version 1.10.8
NavigationDetection UI update.
==- Version 1.10.7
Fix crash caused by 1.10.6.
==- Version 1.10.6
Fixed logger crashing when log.txt is not found for some reason.
Fixed settings crashing when currentProfile.txt is not found, the file will now be created.
==- Version 1.10.5
Fixed app enabling and disabling constantly while holding the toggle button.
==- Version 1.10.4
Fixed some bugs
==- Version 1.10.3
Fix changelog opening with no update.
Fix changelog opening twice after install (hopefully).
==- Version 1.10.2
Fixed a bug that caused the setup to not work
==- Version 1.10.1
Removed NavigationDetection V1 and V2
Added an automatic setup method for NavigationDetection
==-