---
authors: 
  - name: Tumppi066
    link: https://github.com/Tumppi066
    avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/83072683?v=4
date: 2024-1-30
icon: question
---
# Version 1.9.0

There is way too much information between 1.8.0 - 1.8.33, so I will highlight the biggest changes.

A new installer is coming from DylDev and Cloud. No timeline yet but it will be a .exe installer.
You will still be able to download the app from the source, I am adamant on keeping that.

# Major Changes
- Overhauled much of the UI.
- Added an anonymous crash reporter.
- Added an anonymous feedback form.
- Started adding support for a 2nd download location, sourceforge.
	- The new installer will support sourceforge natively.
- Glas has made massive improvements to Nav detect in addition to it's companion plugins.
- Added SDK control to the app. The virtual controller is no longer needed.

# Small Changes
- You can now scroll through the panel manager with the arrow keys.
	- The aim is to allow this in the plugin menu too... but this is a lot harder.
- Added support for custom usermade translations.
	- This is working, but setup is not simple. If you are passionate about translating the app to your language then please contact me on discord!
- You can now ignore controller axis and buttons.
	- Additionally the deadzone has been lowered, and the slider will go to 0 when inside the deadzone.


# Bug Fixes
- There have been **a lot** of them.

# Contributors
- Glas42
- Tumppi066
- DylDev
- Cloud
- Various people that have reported bugs and helped us debug!
- Also a shoutout to the other devs!

As I said, there were a lot of updates... if you are interested you can look over the commits here:
**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/Tumppi066/Euro-Truck-Simulator-2-Lane-Assist/compare/v1.8.0...v1.9.0